Fix docs copy paste syntax (#29)
ZephyrCloudIO/zephyr-documentation: docs/recipes/react-rspack-nx.mdx

#### 4. Create your first commit 

After making sure each application in this project has a `package.json` and the naming aligns with the unique name in module federation config, you will need to make sure this project is a github repository and has at least one commit hash by running `git commit -m "commit something"` command. 

#### 5. Adding configuration for Zephyr

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all the build configuration files, start with importing Zephyr's plugin: 

```ts title="Import Zephyr" 
import { withZephyr } from "zephyr-webpack-plugin" 
```

And then add the plugin under module federation plugin: 

```ts title="Add plugin" 
withZephyr()
```

  withZephyr() // the plugin sequence in Nx matters. Do remember to put zephyr at the end of your config file. 
)
```
You will need to do the same for `rspack.config.prod.ts` for host app.

#### 6. Build the remotes and serve the host

You have to build the remote applications first; this ensures that the host application can properly contact the remotes.

```bash Title=Terminal
nx run remote1:build
```

```bash Title=Terminal
nx run remote2:build
```

> Now you can serve the host application, which through nx magic will start the two remotes also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can serve the host application to check if everything is working properly, which through nx magic will start the two remotes. 
```
